 , 
40, 
acamprocate, 
accrete, 
accuretic, 
acebutolol, beta
ACEi, acei
acenocumarol, 
acenocumol, 
aciretin, 
adalat, 
adcal, 
adcal d3, 
adcal D3, 
adizem, 
airomir inhaler, 
albutamol, 
aldenronate, 
alendoronic acid, 
alendronate, 
alendronic acid, 
alfacalcido, 
alfacalcidol, 
alfuzocin, 
alfuzosin, 
allopurinol, 
allupuriol, 
alopurinol, 
alprazolam, 
alverine, 
ambrisentan, vasodilator
amiloride, diuretic
amiodarone, amiodarone
amitriptline, 
amitriptyine, 
amitriptyline, 
Amitriptyline, 
amitripyline, 
amitrypyline, 
amlodipine, cacb
amlodipine 10, cacb
amlodipine 5, cacb
amlodpidine, cacb
amlodpine, cacb
amlodpipine, cacb
amoldipine, cacb
amolodipine, cacb
amoxicillin, 
anastrazole, 
anastrozole, 
anoro elipta, 
anoro ellipta, 
aorvastatin, 
apixaban, 
apixiban, 
aripiprazole, 
asacol, 
ascorbic acid, 
aspirin, 
aspirin 75, 
asprin, 
astrazole, 
atenolol, beta
atorvastain, 
atorvastatin, 
atorvastatinm, 
atripla, 
atrorvastatin, 
atrovastatin, 
atrovent, 
avamys, 
azathioprine, 
azithromycin, 
azothoprine, 
B12, 
B12 injections, 
baclofen, 
baclofen 25, 
beclometasone, 
beclometasone inhaler, 
beclomethasone, 
beclomethasone inhaler, 
beclomethasone nasal spray, 
beconase, 
becotide, 
becotide inhaler, 
bemetanide, 
bemuetanide, 
bendroflumethiazide, diuretic
betahistine, 
bezafibrate, 
bezalip, 
bezfibrate, 
bicalutamide, 
bicanyl, 
biosoprolol, beta
biosprolol, beta
bisoprolol, beta
bispprolol, beta
bisprolol, beta
bosentan, vasodilator
bricanyl, 
bromazepam, 
budesonide nasal spray, 
bumetanide, diuretic
bumetide, diuretic
buprenorphine, 
buprenorphine patch, 
buprenorphine patches, 
buprrenorphine patch, 
buscopan, 
calceos, 
calcichew, 
calcichew D3, 
calciferol, 
calcium carbonate, 
candesartan, 
carbamazepine, 
carbimazole, 
carbocisteine, 
carvedilol, beta
cavedilol, beta
cefalexin, 
cephalexin, 
cerazette, 
certirazine, 
cetirizine, 
cetrizine, 
cholecalciferol, 
cinnarazine, 
cinnarizine, 
citalopram, 
citalopram 20, 
citaopram, 
clarithromycin, 
clenil, 
clenil inhaler, 
clexane, 
clobazam, 
clobazan, 
clobezam, 
clomipramine, 
clonazapam, 
clonazepam, 
Clonazepam, 
clonidine, 
clopidogrel, 
clozapine, 
clozaril, 
clyclizine, 
co-amilofruse, 
co-caredopa, 
co-careldopa, 
co-carledopa, 
co-trimoxazole, 
codeine, 
codeine, 
, 
colchicine, 
colecalciferol, 
combodart, 
contraceptive implant, 
creon, 
cyamemazine, 
cyclizeine, 
cyclizine, 
cyclophosphamide, 
cyproterone, 
dabigatran, 
Dabigatran, 
dalteparin, 
dantrolene, 
daptomycin, 
daxepin, 
dazepam, 
depakote, 
depoprovera, 
desloratidine, 
detrusitol, 
diazepam, 
didronel, 
didronel PMO, 
digocin, digoxin
digoxin, digoxin
dihydrocodeine, 
dihyrocodeine, 
diltiazem, cacb
docusate, 
domeridone, 
domperidone, 
dosulepin, 
doxasosin, 
doxazocin, 
doxazosin, 
doxycyline, 
duloxetine, 
duoresp inhaler, 
dutasteride, 
enalopril, acei
enoxaparin, 
eosmeprazole, 
eplerenone, diuretic
eplerenone 25, diuretic
epleronone, diuretic
eretide, 
erythromycin, 
erythropoietin, 
escitalopram, 
esomeprazole, 
esomeprazole 20, 
esomperazole, 
esomprazole, 
etanacept, 
ethambutol, 
etoricoxib, 
eurovate, 
exanitide, 
exemestane, 
exenatide, 
eye drops, 
ezetemibe, 
ezetimibe, 
felodipine, cacb
fenofibrate, 
fentanul lozenges, 
fentanyl, 
fentanyl parch, 
fentanyl patch, 
ferrous fumarate, 
Ferrous fumarate, 
ferrous gluconate, 
ferrous sulphare, 
ferrous sulphate, 
fexofenadine, 
fibrinogen infusions, 
fikuc acud, 
finasteride, 
finesteride, 
flecanide, 
flixonase, 
flixotide, 
fluoextine, 
fluoxetine, 
fluoxteine, 
flupentixol, 
flutform, 
fluticasone, 
fluticasone inhaler, 
flutiform, 
flutium d3, 
fluvastatin, 
folic acid, 
fondaparinux, 
fortisip, 
fostair, 
fostair inhaler, 
fucloxacillin, 
furodemide, diuretic
furosemide, diuretic
Furosemide, diuretic
furosemide 120, diuretic
furosemide 20, diuretic
furosemide 40, diuretic
furosemide, diuretic
digoxin
furosemine, 
furosmide, 
gabapentin, 
gabapetin, 
gaviscon, 
glaucoma eye drops, 
glicalazide, 
gliclazide, 
glimepiride, 
gliplizide, 
glucoma eye drops, 
glucosamine, 
glycopyrronium, 
gosorelin, 
gtn, 
gtn spray, 
GTN spray, 
haloperidol, 
haloperidol depot, 
heparin, 
herceptin, 
Hux D3, 
hydrocortisone, 
hydroxycarbamide, 
hydroxycarbomide, 
hydroxychloriquine, 
hydroxychloroquine, 
hydroxycholoroquine, 
hydroxyurea, 
hydroxyzine, 
hyoscine, 
ibandronic acid, 
ibesartan, 
indapamide, 
Indapamide, 
inhalers, 
insulin, 
ipratropium, 
ipratropium inhaler, 
iprtropium, 
irbesartan, 
ismn, 
ISMN, 
isoniazid, 
iv heparin, 
ivabradine, 
keppra, 
lacadipine, cacb
lactulose, 
lamotrigine, 
lanosprazole, 
lansopraole, 
lansoprazole, 
lansoprazolem prednisolone, 
lansoprzole, 
lansorpazole, 
lantus, 
latanoprost, 
latanoprost eye drops, 
lebothyroxine, 
leflunomide, 
lercandipine, 
letrazole, 
levetiracetam, 
leviteracetam, 
levocetirizine, 
levothyroxine, 
levothyroxinee, 
linagliptin, 
Linagliptin, 
liraglutide, 
lisinipril, acei
lisinopriil, acei
lisinopril, acei
lisinoprol, acei
lithium, 
Lithium 400, 
loperamide, 
loratidine, 
lorazepam, 
losartan, 
losartan 25, 
losartin, 
macitentan, vasodilator
mactitentan, vasodilator
magnesium aspartate, 
mathadone, 
mebevarine, 
mebeverine, 
mecysteine, 
meloxicam, 
menantinine, 
mercaptopurine, 
mesalazine, 
metformin, 
methadone, 
methodone, 
methotrexate, 
metoclopramide, 
metolazone, 
mexazolam, 
miflonide, 
minoxidil, 
mirtazepine, 
mirtazipine, 
momentasone, 
mometasone nasal spray, 
mometasone spray, 
monomax XL, 
monomil XL, 
montelikast, 
montelukast, 
morphine, 
morphine sulphate, 
mst, 
MST, 
mycophenolate, 
NA, 
nadolol, beta
naltrexone, 
naproxen, 
naratriptin, 
nasofan, 
ncorandil, 
nebivolol, beta 
nebs, 
nicorandil, 
nicotine patch, 
nifapam, 
nifedipine, cacb
nil else, 
nitrazepam, 
nitrofurantoin, 
no vasodilators, 
noethosterone, 
none, 
norethisterone, 
nortriptan, 
nortripyline, 
nortrptyline, 
novorapid, 
novorapid pump, 
nystatin, 
oestradiol, 
olanazapine, 
olanzapine, 
olanzepine, 
olmesartan, 
omeperzole, 
omeprazole, 
omeprazole 10, 
omeprazole, 
 Risedronate, 
omeprazole, 
 Sitagliptin, 
omeprazone, 
omeprazzole, 
omeprzole, 
omerazole, 
ompeprazole, 
omperazole, 
omperzole, 
omprazole, 
ondansentron, 
ondansetron, 
oral nitrate, 
oramorph, 
oromorph, 
oxacin, 
oxazepam, 
oxi inhaler, 
oxybutynin, 
oxycodone, 
oxycontin, 
oxynorm, 
oxytetracycline, 
pantoprazole, 
paracetamol, 
paroxetine, 
pen v, 
pen V, 
Pen V, 
penicillin, 
penicillin v, 
penicillin V, 
pentasa, 
penV, 
peridoprol, 
perindopril, acei
perinodopril, acei
perinodpril, acei
perinodril, acei
phenidione, 
phenindione, 
phenobarbitol, 
phenobarbitone, 
phenytoin, 
phyllocontin, 
phylocontin, 
pioglitazone, 
pizotifen, 
POP, 
potassium bicarbonate, 
pramipexole, 
pravastatin, 
prednisolone, 
prednisolone enemas, 
pregabalin, 
pregablin, 
pregbalin, 
Simvastatin, 
primadone, 
prochlorperazine, 
procyclidine, 
promethazine, 
propanolol, beta
pyridostigmine, 
pyridoxine, 
quetiapine, 
quinine, 
qvar, 
QVAR, 
QVAR 100, 
rabeprazole, 
ramipiril, acei
ramipril, acei
rampril, acei
ranitidine, 
ranolazine, 
rantidine, 
relvar, 
revatio, 
ribaroxiban, 
rifampicin, 
riociguat, vasodilator
risedronate, 
risendronate, 
risperidone, 
rituximab, 
rivaroxiban, 
Rivaroxiban, 
rivaroxiban furosemide, 
rociguat, 
ropinerole, 
rosiglitazone, 
rosuvastatin, 
salbitamol, 
salbtamol, 
salbuamol, 
salbuatamol, 
salbuatmol, 
salbutamil, 
salbutamol, 
salbutamol prn, 
salmeterol, 
sando_k, 
saxagliptin, 
seebri inhaler, 
senna, 
septrin, 
seretdie, 
seretide, 
seretide 250, 
seretide 500, 
serevent, 
sertraline, 
setraline, 
sildenadfil, vasodilator
sildenadil, vasodilator
sildenafil, vasodilator
simastatin, 
simvastatin, 
simvastatin 20, 
sinthrome, 
sinvastatin, 
sitagliptin, 
slozem, 
sodium bicarbonate, 
sodium docusate, 
sodium valproate, 
solfenacin, 
sollfenacin, 
solpadol, 
somatostatin, 
sotolol, beta
spinolactone, diuretic
spiriva, 
spironolacton, diuretic
spironolactone, diuretic
spironolactone 25, diuretic
spironolactone 50, diuretic
sprionolactone, diuretic
spriva, 
sprivia, 
statin, 
sulfasalazine, 
sulpiride, 
sulpride 100, 
sumitriptan, 
symbicort, 
sympbicort, 
tadalafil, vasodilator
tamsulosin, 
tapentadol, 
tegretol, 
telfast, 
temazepam, 
tempazepam, 
terburaline, 
terbutaline, 
terbutaline inhaler, 
theophylline, 
thiamine, 
thiazide, diuretic
thymine, 
thyroxine, 
tibolone, 
timolol eye drops, 
tinzaparin, 
tioropium, 
tiotropium, 
tiotropium inhaler, 
tolterodine, 
topiramate, 
tramadol, 
travatan, 
trazadone, 
trazodone, 
trimipramine, 
trioptropium, 
triotropium, 
tropsium, 
umelicidinium, 
uniphyllin, 
ursodeoxycholic acid, 
valproate, 
valsartan, 
varapamil, cacb
venlaflaxine, 
ventolin, 
verapamil, cacb
vit b, 
vit B, 
vit b12, 
vit B12, 
vit d, 
vit D, 
Vit D, 
vitamin b, 
vitamin B, 
vitamin B12, 
voriconazole, 
warfain, 
warfarin, 
Warfarin, 
warfarin NA, 
warfarin, 
 NA, 
zemtard, 
zoladex, 
zolpidem, 
zomorph, 
zopiclone, 
zopliclone 